1. What are the benefits of using CSS? 
→CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized  etc..
CSS saves time − You can write CSS once and then reuse the same sheet in multiple HTML pages.

2.What are the disadvantages of CSS? 
→There could be cross-browser issues while using CSS.
There are multiple levels of CSS such as CSS, CSS 2, CSS 3. This can create confusion for non-developers and beginners.
Limited security ,extra work for developers.etc....

3.name a few css style components
→The components of css style are:
Selecter:  HTML element name, id name, class name.
Property: It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
Values: which defines property or values allocate for properties.

4.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
→The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, 
and is the opposite of transparency.

5.How can the background color of an element be changed? 
→Add a CSS class to the div you'd like to change. First, find the div in your HTML code and add a class to the opening tag. ...
Add the new class selector to your CSS code. Next, head over to your CSS code and add your new class selector. ...
Choose a new background color.

6. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
→To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the 
background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat an image,in this case, the image will display only once.

7.What is the use of the background-position property? 
→The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.

8.Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
→The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

9. Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
→There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS,
 and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase

11.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
→CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:
1.Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
2.Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
3.External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

12.What is embedded style sheets? 
→Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. 
This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

13.What are the external style sheets? 
→An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
 Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet.
The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

14.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
→Advantages of External CSS:
Since the CSS code is in a separate document, your HTML files will have a cleaner structure and are smaller in size.
You can use the same . css file for multiple pages.
→Disadvantages of External CSS:
The additional download is expected to import documents having style information.
To render the documents, the outer template ought to be stacked.
Not practical for small style definitions.

15.What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
→A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. 
It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have
the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.














